I've seen a lot of cheeseand travelled many miles
Inspected many wheelsand tried my share of styles.
I've pursued the greatest flavorthrough one too many tries.
and now I sit here happythinking it's my time to die.
So what if all my arterieswere blocked or barely there?
The Gruyere was so fantasticI hardly ever cared!
I'm having trouble breathingand I'm laying on the floor.
Thinking to myselfas the police break down the door
I get loaded on a stretcherso that they can get me out
They have to load me carefullyto avoid my case of gout.
I grab my bag of must-havesas they take me out the room.
I cannot be without themif this really is my doom.
So what if all my arteriesare filled with cholesterol?
I still love this cheeseand so I don't quite care at alll
The neighbors come to gawkas they bring me down the stairs
Accusing me of gluttonyas though they've ever cared
With a backup group of respondersthey load me up for good
I sit back in the ambulanceas I get a breathing hood
But I turn down the assistance,no longer having trouble breathing
and I thank them for their effortsbut it's time I best be leaving.
I may have ate a metric ton of cheesefrom all around the world
Even the sketchiest varietiesI never had to hurl
Even on my deathbedI'll have one final trial
A single piece of perfect cheeseGruyere is just my style!
So as you listen to my talehear what it's all about
Pursuing cheese, my happiness,until my lights go out
Even on my deathbedI'll have one final trial
A single piece of perfect cheese,Gruyere is just my style!